[axonius][user] Add Axonius User datastream (#16142)
elastic/integrations: packages/axonius/_dev/build/docs/README.md

- `Adapter`: Collect details of all adapters (endpoint: `/api/v2/adapters`).

- `User`: Collect details of all users (endpoint: `/api/v2/users`).

### Supported use cases

> Integrating the Axonius Adapters and User Datastreams with Elastic SIEM provides centralized visibility into both data-collection health and user identity context across the environment. Together, these datastreams help analysts understand how data is being ingested through adapters and how that data maps to user identities and access posture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integrating the Axonius Adapter and User Data streams with Elastic SIEM provides centralized visibility into both data-collection health and user identity context across the environment. Together, these data streams help analysts understand how data is being ingested through adapters and how that data maps to user identities and access posture.
```
